#labels Featured
== Version 2.0 =
  * Refactored fluent API on mocks. This may cause some existing tests to fail, but the fix is trivial (just reorder the calls to Callback, Returns and Verifiable)
  * Added support for retrieving a Mock<T> from a T instance created by a mock.
  * Added support for retrieving the invocation arguments from a Callback or Returns.
  * Implemented AtMostOnce() constraint

== Version 1.5.1 =
  * Refactored [http://www.clariusconsulting.net/labs/moq/html/4C85C26D.htm MockFactory] to make it simpler and more explicit to use with regards to verification. Thanks [http://www.hanselman.com/forum/messages.aspx?TopicID=161#post556 Garry Shutler] for the feedback!

== Version 1.5 =
  * Added [http://www.clariusconsulting.net/labs/moq/html/4C85C26D.htm MockFactory] to allow easy construction of multiple mocks with the same behavior and verification  

== Version 1.4 =
  * Added support for passing constructor arguments for mocked classes.
  * Improved code documentation

== Version 1.3 =
  * Added support for overriding expectations set previously on a Mock. Now adding a second expectation for the same method/property call will override the existing one. This facilitates setting up default expectations in a fixture setup and overriding when necessary in a specific test.
  * Added support for mock verification. Both [http://www.clariusconsulting.net/labs/moq/html/E9CC3712.htm Verify] and [http://www.clariusconsulting.net/labs/moq/html/604FBEC0.htm VerifyAll] are provided for more flexibility (the former only verifies methods marked [http://www.clariusconsulting.net/labs/moq/html/47FC07AA.htm Verifiable])

== Version 1.2 =
  * Added support for [http://www.clariusconsulting.net/labs/moq/html/90760C57.htm MockBehavior] mock constructor argument to affect the way the mocks expect or throw on calls.

== Version 1.1 =
  * Merged branch for dynamic types. Now Moq is based on [http://www.castleproject.org/dynamicproxy/index.html Castle DynamicProxy2] to support a wider range of mock targets.
  * Added [http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&ct=res&cd=1&url=http%3A%2F%2Fresearch.microsoft.com%2F~mbarnett%2Filmerge.aspx&ei=GS2eR4frM46UeeXblM4G&usg=AFQjCNHqjRyZ1CGjWxo-Ktlklg7STsmsfw&sig2=xLnBNtLLpzzNtCoI_jjSmA ILMerge] so that Castle libraries are merged into Moq assembly (no need for external references and avoid conflicts)

== Version 1.0 = 
  * Initial release, initial documentation process in place, etc.