#labels Featured
We're very open and accept contributions from Moq enthusiasts. 
There are basically two ways of contributing: Contributing a Patch, and Joining the Project.

Read the following sections to determine whether you want to contribute as one or the other :)

= Contributing a Patch =

If you just came across a bug which you'd like to fix and contribute back, this is the easiest and less involved way of contributing.

We like the approach outlined in [http://www.instiki.org/show/HowToContribute Instiki]. 
Scott Hanselman has also a good [http://www.hanselman.com/blog/ExampleHowToContributeAPatchToAnOpenSourceProjectLikeDasBlog.aspx overview of how to contribute] using TortoiseSVN (our favorite SVN client). 

Just make sure you replace the repository URL with ours: http://moq.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ (see [http://code.google.com/p/moq/source/checkout] for more info)

We will improve these instructions, hopefully.

= Joining the Project =

If you want to be more involved, actively answering questions from users, developing entirely new features (as opposed to a single occasional bug fix), contributing to the wiki, etc., you can join the project. Just send an email to the [mailto:moqdisc@googlegroups.com Moq Discussions] list asking so, as well as a brief summary of why you're interested in doing so and how you'd like to contribute (purely informational, no commitments required ;)).

When you join the project (we'll need your gmail address, which you can send via private email to daniel - at cazzulino, dot com) you'll get a private folder under SVN: https://moq.googlecode.com/svn/branches/private/[your nick here].

From that point on, you can branch the trunk and work on whatever you think might be
useful for the project :). Communication is open and we encourage everyone to do so through the [mailto:moqdisc@googlegroups.com Moq Discussions] group. Later on, we can discuss features and implementations and see what goes back into the trunk for Moq official releases. 

We also have feature branches, where the feature is agreed up-front (or was already planned), and where multiple devs may be working on it at the same time. This is under https://moq.googlecode.com/svn/branches/features/[feature name].


Finally, we'd typically do code walkthroughs when features or implementation is not obvious. For that we can communicate through the discussion group, or alternatively we can chat/talk over skype or google talk. We can share our accounts privately and we encourage everyone to do so.




Thanks for your interest in contributing and happy mocking!